contributions.md, before:

# Contributing to Commudler
---


#### General practices for contribution
- Always add comments for any block of code you introduce for reviewing
- Indentation should be just perfect to make the code more readable
- Keep the unnecessary changes out of your commits, if commited anyways, create a new PR
- Branch names should be like **solving-<#issue>-<issue-type>** with type being a bug/feature/optimization
- Make smaller commits with elaborate commit messages

---

#### Reporting Issues on Github

Issues can be of the following types majorly:

- Bugs (anything including security risks)
- Feature request (always begins with a discussion)
- Code refactoring/cleaning/optimization

##### Creating an issue
- First browse through our issues from **[THIS PAGE](https://github.com/gdgnewdelhi/commudle/issues)**, if you find an existing issue, then you can take it up or start helping the person solving it depending on the status.
- For bugs: 
  - Write as much clear details as possible about the issue
    - Introduction
    - Add steps to reproduce it 
    - Add the piece of code which is causing the issue
  - Feature requests:
    - Again, begin with an introduction
    - Think of the feature as a part of the product from the user's perspective
    - We'll begin a public discussion on it and as soon as we reach a conclusion, we'd love to implement it
  - Code Refactoring
    - Introduction again!
    - Post/Link the piece of code which needs to be modified
    - Cite a couple of good examples, use cases where the optimization is already in use, or it might just be a logical optimization (mathematically faster!)

---

#### Resolving Existing Issues

- Bugs
  - First verify that the bug can be reproduced
  - Make the changes on a new branch
  - Write tests if needed
  
- Feature Requests
  - Make a plan of what all files you'll need to change
  - Keep the organizers in the loop of everything you're working on, if possible share the progressing code with smaller & working commits so that if the direction needs to be changed then it's done early
  - Update the documentation whereever needed
  - Make these changes on a new branch

- Code Refactoring
  - Ensure that the optimized code is equally space and time optimized, if possible post some comparisons in the comments for the changes you've made
  - Make these changes on a new branch

Commit message:

add condition for creating PRs for development branch

contributions.md, after:

# Contributing to Commudler
---

### Please make all the pull requests for **development** branch only. We'll rebase into that and then once tested, will be rebased into master!


#### General practices for contribution
- Always add comments for any block of code you introduce for reviewing
- Indentation should be just perfect to make the code more readable
- Keep the unnecessary changes out of your commits, if commited anyways, create a new PR
- Branch names should be like **solving-<#issue>-<issue-type>** with type being a bug/feature/optimization
- Make smaller commits with elaborate commit messages

---

#### Reporting Issues on Github

Issues can be of the following types majorly:

- Bugs (anything including security risks)
- Feature request (always begins with a discussion)
- Code refactoring/cleaning/optimization

##### Creating an issue
- First browse through our issues from **[THIS PAGE](https://github.com/gdgnewdelhi/commudle/issues)**, if you find an existing issue, then you can take it up or start helping the person solving it depending on the status.
- For bugs: 
  - Write as much clear details as possible about the issue
    - Introduction
    - Add steps to reproduce it 
    - Add the piece of code which is causing the issue
  - Feature requests:
    - Again, begin with an introduction
    - Think of the feature as a part of the product from the user's perspective
    - We'll begin a public discussion on it and as soon as we reach a conclusion, we'd love to implement it
  - Code Refactoring
    - Introduction again!
    - Post/Link the piece of code which needs to be modified
    - Cite a couple of good examples, use cases where the optimization is already in use, or it might just be a logical optimization (mathematically faster!)

---

#### Resolving Existing Issues

- Bugs
  - First verify that the bug can be reproduced
  - Make the changes on a new branch
  - Write tests if needed
  
- Feature Requests
  - Make a plan of what all files you'll need to change
  - Keep the organizers in the loop of everything you're working on, if possible share the progressing code with smaller & working commits so that if the direction needs to be changed then it's done early
  - Update the documentation whereever needed
  - Make these changes on a new branch

- Code Refactoring
  - Ensure that the optimized code is equally space and time optimized, if possible post some comparisons in the comments for the changes you've made
  - Make these changes on a new branch
